DOCSP-48386 Add monitoring page (#1046)
mongodb/docs-node: source/monitoring-and-logging/monitoring.txt

   CommandStartedEvent {
     requestId: 1534,
     databaseName: "app",
     commandName: "find",
     address: 'localhost:27017',
     connectionId: 812613,
     command: {
       find: { firstName: "Jane", lastName: "Doe" }
     }
   }

commandSucceeded
++++++++++++++++

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: false

   CommandSucceededEvent {
     requestId: 1534,
     commandName: "find",
     address: 'localhost:27017',
     connectionId: 812613,
     duration: 15,
     reply: {
       cursor: {
         firstBatch: [
           {
             _id: ObjectId("5e8e2ca217b5324fa9847435"),
             firstName: "Jane",
             lastName: "Doe"
           }
         ],
         _id: 0,
         ns: "app.users"
       },
       ok: 1,
       operationTime: 1586380205
     }
   }

commandFailed
+++++++++++++

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: false

   CommandFailedEvent {
     requestId: 1534,
     commandName: "find",
     address: 'localhost:27017',
     connectionId: 812613,
     failure: Error("something failed"),
     duration: 11
   }

.. _node-cluster-monitoring:

Server Discovery and Monitoring Events
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The {+driver-short+} creates topology events, also known as SDAM events, when
> there is a change in the state of the instance or cluster that you connected to.
> For example, the driver creates an event when you establish a new connection or
> if the cluster elects a new primary.

Reviewer: You could include a link to the [Replication server page](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/replication/) for more information about topology.

```suggestion
The {+driver-short+} creates topology events, also known as SDAM events, when
there is a change in the state of the instance or cluster that you connected to.
For example, the driver creates an event when you establish a new connection or
if the cluster elects a new primary node.
```

The following sections demonstrate how to record topology changes in your application
and explore the information provided in these events.

Event Subscription Example
``````````````````````````

> You can access one or more SDAM events using the driver by subscribing to them
> in your application. The following example demonstrates connecting to a
> replica set and subscribing to one of the SDAM events created by the MongoDB
> deployment:

Reviewer: Our style guide wants us to say "by using" with should make the first sentence "by using the driver by subscribing" :P

You could potentially make the eg steps into a list, but I think this is clear enough. I just think we should highlight that we're formatting the event before logging it. I'm not sure whether we should be doing this in all the examples, or if this is actually a difference in how this event type is returned? Maybe it's not necessary?

```suggestion
You can access one or more SDAM events by subscribing to them
in your application. The following example demonstrates connecting to a
replica set, subscribing to an SDAM event and logging the event in JSON format:
```

   * - ``connectionPoolCreated``
     - Created when a connection pool is created.

   * - ``connectionPoolReady``
     - Created when a connection pool is ready.

   * - ``connectionPoolClosed``
     - Created when a connection pool is closed before server
       instance destruction.

   * - ``connectionCreated``
     - Created when a connection is created, but not necessarily
       when it is used for an operation.

   * - ``connectionReady``
     - Created after a connection has successfully completed a
       handshake and is ready to be used for operations.

   * - ``connectionClosed``
     - Created when a connection is closed.

   * - ``connectionCheckOutStarted``
     - Created when an operation attempts to acquire a connection for
       execution.

   * - ``connectionCheckOutFailed``
     - Created when an operation fails to acquire a connection for
       execution.

   * - ``connectionCheckedOut``
     - Created when an operation successfully acquires a connection for
       execution.

   * - ``connectionCheckedIn``
     - Created when a connection is checked back into the pool after an operation
       is executed.

   * - ``connectionPoolCleared``

>      - Created when a connection pool is cleared.

Reviewer: What does cleared mean? No more connections available (all connections are checked out) or all connections closed?

Author: I think it's all connections closed. I can add to clarify and get tech review.
